And here we go for the next and final step of this training implementation and this final step is actually
very easy.
It consists of doing just two things.
First printing the training results for each book so that you know we can follow along the results of
the training and saving them all and saving them all will actually be very quick and easy in just one
line of code.
Thanks to once again the Karris API.
So let's start by printing the training results for each book and the first thing we're going to do
is print a slash an inverse slash and.
And that's just to jump a line after we execute the code because you know we will have all the code
executed here that I want to add some space to separate the code and the training results.
And then now that's when we print the training results and we're going to start by printing very simply
that epoch we're at during the training.
And so to do this well we're going to use the very practical format method which is a new feature of
Biden 3.6 or 3.7.
The format method allows us to print some values of the variables very easily going to show you how
it works.
So first of all we have to put in brackets just like that.
Well the format of the epoch and since the book is going to be a number with three figures because actually
remember that we chose our number of epoch to be 1000.
But I changed my mind very recently.
We're not going to train for 1000 book.
We're going to train it for 100 Epoque and that's because I want to try what we will attain with 100
epochs because indeed on my side I actually run that training with 1000 EPOC but I want to discover
the results with you with 100 bucks that we can both have the surprise of having the final result with
only one hundred epochs and therefore since we're going to have three figures you know because Epatha
are going to go from 1 to 100.
Well here to specify that it's going to be an integer with three figures.
We're going to specify this way with a colon then 0 and then 3 and then D because it's an integer.
All right so for example the epoch number 19 will be 0 19.
OK so it's just for nice format purposes.
And then since you know I want to say that we have reach for example above number 19 out of the total
number of Epoque which is 100.
Well to specify that outer I'm adding this.
And then again I'm going to put in brackets the variable that corresponds to the total number of epoch
which is one hundred.
And so I'm going to add the same format with three figures and an integer and then that's where all
the easiness comes in.
Because in order to specify what is going to be here that is epoche reached and here that is the total
number of epoch.
Well we just need to add a dot format which is a function of byte and 3.
And inside we just have to specify the two variables that correspond respectively to this one and this
one.
So this one is going to be well the epoch you know that our variable here at book and then here for
the second variable we have to specify the one that corresponds to this.
And this is well the total number of epochs.
So I can just copy this and paste it here.
All right so very easy.
See first you put the format you want and then you make sure that this is between quotes and then you
can add some text to give even more clarity and then you just add after the quote.
You add the dot format and then inside some parenthesis the variables that correspond in the same order
to the values you are right.
And so now good exercise for you I would like you to print the total energy spent by the AI onto the
server using this for metric.
So please press both on video and now I'm going to provide a solution.
So first of all we have to present of course in parenthesis and then in quotes double quote.
Well we're going to say the total energy spent by here onto the server.
But we can specify this by saying with an AI because we will also print total energy spent when we have
no AI.
So after this one.
And another print in which we will print the total energy spent with no AI that is by this alternative
system which remember is to servers integrate cooling system that act when there is no AI.
But first let's of course bring that all energy spent with an AI.
And so here again that's when we specify here the format in brackets.
And so now we're about to enter a new format because here we enter an integer.
But now the all energy spent is rather a float because the energy spent for example 1.5 in specific
times that since the temperature step is 1.5.
So it's a float and therefore to specify the format and float well we need to add Karlan then that then
the number of decimals you want to have in that float.
And actually we want some visual clarity so I'll just add zero decimal.
You know the number of figures after the comma and then to specify that it's going to be a float you
just add.
All right.
And then again very easy after the double quote you just add that then format and then in parentheses
the name of your variable.
And now good question.
What is going to be that variable.
Well well well you have to look for it not here in this implementation because indeed we haven't used
it.
And that's because it is hidden in the object of method because remember the update on method.
Well the total energy spent when there is the AI is actually a variable of our environment object.
You know it is right here self that all energy AI and that's all that energy spent when there is the
regulating the temperature of the server.
And that's exactly what we want to print right now but we haven't used it in the training because it
is automatically computed as soon as we called a date of method.
So we just had to remember that.
But that means that here in order to get it.
Well first we need to get of course our environment object.
And then from this object we're going to get that specific very well corresponding to the total energy
spent when there is the eye.
And remember the name of it.
Not sure I copied it.
Here it is.
But of course we have to take only the name without the self.
So I'm copying exactly this.
And then back into my training implementation.
I'm basing that here.
And here we go.
We are ready to print the total energy spent when we have to connect connected to the server regulating
its temperature for every epoch because you have to understand it actually these prints all these prints
here are still in the first loop.
You know they're not out of the hole for a loop.
They're still in this for loop looping over the epochs.
Therefore that means that for each book.
Well we will print the total energy spent accumulated over the whole epoch.
All right perfect.
And then as I told you I also want to present of course the other energy that is spent not by the time
but by the servers integrated cooling system.
That is when there is no AI and which remember is computed in that separate simulation with following
the same fluctuations of the core temperature of the Sahara you know with the fact that the number of
users and the fluctuations of the rate of data transmission.
So that's exactly what we want to compare to that energy spent when there is the eye.
And so in order to be efficient now I'm going to copy this and then just below I'm going to place it
in here when I'm only you in three places first the text to specify what we're printing so we can say
that this time we're printing the total energy spent when there is no high and same format is going
to be a float f with zero decimal.
And in the format of course we have to specify the right for a roll which is this time not total energy
from our environment objects but total energy.
No AI because remember that in our environment.
Well the variable of our environment class corresponding to all energy spent by this alternative certain
degree cooling system was named total energy.
No AI exactly.
Is so perfect we got exactly what we needed and therefore we are ready to print all the interesting
informations for each epoch of the training.
And now the last final step of this whole implementation I'm so excited you can hear it by the sound
of my voice that we're about to execute that training very soon because indeed the last step that we
have to do here is of course to save the moral meaning that we are going to save the weight of the brain
of our AI.
You know after all the updates that happen to each time try to redo the last day and we'll get some
weight some good weight because indeed there will be some optimal weight minimizing that loss air between
the predictions of the neural network inside the brain and the target.
OK.
So let's have this moral.
It's super quick and easy.
Thanks SCARUS.
We're going to take our moral and since this moral I remind is actually an object of the middle class
and this moral class is a class pre-build in the Cara's API.
Well it contains some method and one of them is of course the Save method which allows exactly to save
the weight of our model which is of course what we want to do right now.
So going back to our trend and implementation from the small We're going to call the Save method and
inside the parenthesis of this method.
Well we just have to add to one and put in quotes which is the name of the mole and we're going to call
that simply model that age 5 and age 5 is just the type of the file that will contain the weights just
a special type but which we won't even have to look inside because then what we'll do in the testing
is we'll just call another method from this model object that is from the model class and which will
be the load method in which will enter as input.
Well that exact same model.
So we don't have to even look at what's inside this type of file.
And so now that's the big moment the moment where we execute the whole training.
First of all congratulations for having implemented all this.
I'm going to get out of everything here and now of course we're going to save.
And here we go.
We are all ready to execute that training.
So without waiting any more seconds.
Now I'm going to select everything and press command control press enter to execute that very final
training.
All right and here we go we start the first book.
And here we can see the total energy spent with an AI and it will respond with no AI.
And already at the end of each book we can see that our AI is beating the alternative cooling system.
Except in that six Ekberg for example where indeed the AI was a loser with respect to that integrated
cooling system right spent more energy than the servers on cooling system.
But then we can see that in general over the books world AI has less energy spent than the server and
so this is a very good sign to save some good energy.
However let me remind the goal that we're trying to accomplish.
Well remember in the promo video or in the book.
Well I'm saying a few times that our goal is to obtain some similar score as what Google deep mine obtained
when you know they reduced Google's data centers going electricity bill by more than 40 percent.
That's what they achieved.
And as far as we are concerned well since of course our server is much simpler than a google search.
Well let's say that our goal will be to reach at least 50 percent but that we won't have the answer
now because when I say that I want to beat at least 50 percent.
It's of course for the simulation and right now we're just doing the training.
We're training the brain of our AI.
So we're updating constantly to wait in order to reduce as much as all the last area between the predictions
and the toilet and then once our brain will be trained and we get the final weights Well we'll run that
whole simulation over one full year.
That last fall testing the way and that will be our final implementation in this second case study and
it will be very exciting to see if indeed we managed to be 50 percent.
All right so as you can see it's going to take a little while before we reach the final book so I'm
going to accelerate here and I'll see you at the end of the training.
All right all right we're about to finish.
Let's see epoche number ninety seven and three more Epic's to go.
What about energy.
How are we doing.
Well we can see that AI is doing much better than the service integrated cooling system and that for
most of the epochs we might have a good result for that simulation.
But the question is remember here we go.
That's over.
But the question is remember are we going to beat 50 percent 50 percent of energy saving and we'll get
the answer and the final part of this case study.
Well here we go.
The training is over.
Congratulations again for implementing it.
And now it's time to move on to the simulation.
In this testing that fell and according to the train result I'm pretty confident that of course some
energy will be saved.
But let's see if we manage to do 50 percent.